Add verbose flag (#178)
rnestler/reboot-arch-btw: CHANGELOG.md

The format is based on [Keep a Changelog](https://keepachangelog.com/en/1.0.0/),
and this project adheres to [Semantic Versioning](https://semver.org/spec/v2.0.0.html).

> ## [v0.7.2]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## [Unreleased]
```

>  * Add verbose flag and make output more quite by default

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 * Add `--verbose` flag and make output less verbose by default
```
